# Dashboard for bittorrent network project

The project aims to create a BitTorrent network dashboard that provides insights and management capabilities for nodes and files within the network. It consists of both frontend and backend components to visualize network data and interact with the BitTorrent network.

Check out the demo video [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wAp_sPgZ0bHa10BfyLFDjO7qglZ50Pil/view?usp=sharing).

# To start project

## Run backend

For backend, visit https://github.com/PDucMinh/Ass1-ComNet

Currently, we only support Windows

To start server, run

```bash
python3 torrent_server.py
```

## Run frontend

Make sure you have `yarn` installed

run

```bash
yarn #to install required packages
yarn dev
```

# Features

## Node Management:

- Create, start, stop, and monitor individual nodes within the BitTorrent network.
- Log Viewing: View logs generated by nodes to monitor network activities and troubleshoot issues.
- Mode Setting: Set different operational modes for nodes, such as sending, downloading files, or exiting the network.

# Technologies Used

- **Frontend**: The frontend is built using `React`, `Vite` along with `Material-UI` for UI components.
- **Backend**: The backend is implemented with `Flask` for creating `RESTful APIs`.
- **BitTorrent Protocol**: Interaction with the BitTorrent network is facilitated using custom scripts and commands.
- **Other Tools**: `useAxios` hook for making HTTP requests, `pexpect` for controlling terminal processes, and more.
